docs: Add bi-weekly report (0828-0910) (#1684)
iresty/iresty.github.io: blog/en/blog/2023/09/13/biweekly-report.md

- Weekly Report
- Contributor
description: The Apache APISIX Community Biweekly Report can help community members better grasp the progress of the Apache APISIX community so that everyone can participate in the Apache APISIX community.
tags: [Community]
image: https://static.apiseven.com/uploads/2023/09/11/HoTbyoDz_%E7%A4%BE%E5%8C%BA%E5%8F%8C%E5%91%A8%E6%8A%A5-%E5%85%AC%E4%BC%97%E5%8F%B7%E5%A4%B4%E5%9B%BE-%E8%8B%B1%E6%96%87-0911.png
---

> We have recently made fixes and improvements to certain features of Apache APISIX and APISIX Ingress Controller. These include providing native JSON data structure input support for the `wasm` plugin, adding UNIX socket listening support for the Changtin Tech `WAF` plugin, and introducing the ability to remove the etcd dependency required by APISIX within the APISIX Ingress to reduce architectural complexity. For more details, please refer to the biweekly report.

<!--truncate-->

## Introduction

Apache APISIX grew up as a community from the first day it was open-sourced, and quickly became the most active open-source API gateway project in the world. These achievements are inseparable from the joint efforts of community partners.

> From 8.28 to 9.10, 15 contributors submitted 32 commits for Apache APISIX. Thank you for your contributions to Apache APISIX.

Reviewer: zh-cn `16 位开发者为 Apache APISIX 提交了 47 个 commit`

Reviewer: I believe 16 and 47 is correct, please update here.

We have recently fixed and improved some features, and the summary of the updates is as follows:

1. Provide native JSON data structure input support for the `wasm` plugin

> 2. Add UNIX socket listening support for the Changtin Tech `WAF` plugin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add UNIX socket listening support for the `chaitin-waf` plugin
```

Reviewer 2: check the whole passage and revise accordingly

## Contributor Statistics

![Apache APISIX Contributors List](https://static.apiseven.com/uploads/2023/09/11/fQoyADFJ_contributors%20list%201-0911.png)

![Apache APISIX New Contributors](https://static.apiseven.com/uploads/2023/09/11/UVL4ZB8S_%E6%96%B0%E6%99%8B%E8%B4%A1%E7%8C%AE%E8%80%85%E6%B5%B7%E6%8A%A5-0911.png)

## Highlights of Recent Features

### Apache APISIX

- [Provides native JSON data structure input support for the `wasm` plugin](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/10072) (Contributor: [Sn0rt](https://github.com/Sn0rt))

- [Add UNIX socket listening support for the Changtin Tech `WAF` plugin](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/10161) (Contributor: [zclaiqcc]((https://github.com/zclaiqcc))

### APISIX Ingress Controller

- [Introduce the ability to remove the etcd dependency required by APISIX within the APISIX Ingress to reduce architectural complexity](https://github.com/apache/apisix-ingress-controller/pull/1803) (Contributor: [AlinsRan](https://github.com/AlinsRan))

## Recent Blog Recommendations

> - [Release Apache APISIX 3.5.0](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2023/09/01/release-apache-apisix-3.5.0/)
> 
>   We are pleased to present Apache APISIX 3.5.0 with exciting new features and improvements to user experiences.
> 
> - [Coraza: Elevating APISIX with Cutting-Edge WAF Features](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2023/09/08/APISIX-integrates-with-Coraza/)
>   
>   The integration of APISIX and Coraza provides reliable security protection and ensures the integrity and reliability of API services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Coraza: Elevating APISIX with Cutting-Edge WAF Features](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2023/09/08/APISIX-integrates-with-Coraza/)
  
  The integration of APISIX and Coraza provides reliable security protection and ensures the integrity and reliability of API services.
  
- [Release Apache APISIX 3.5.0](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2023/09/01/release-apache-apisix-3.5.0/)

  We are pleased to present Apache APISIX 3.5.0 with exciting new features and improvements to user experiences.
```

Reviewer: align w/ zh-cn doc, put coraza blog up front
